these girls are nice attractive and easy
going there are God's gift on for meant
enough they drink and they smoke a lot I
hid it better pretty nice pretty and I
think some of us some of them pretty
aggressive I think that you boys are
really good-looking cuz we open it
mickleton toasty man come on us and cars
autologous stem for metal cores I like
everybody to adapt opera I like
something else 0 0 stamp the croquettes
fight at stroopwafel and purchase
scheveningen namely this is the beach
sure I really the coastline the beach
happening in seaside first cover nagar
crowd the matter the centrum save
anything my door down Darrell flow it's
a cocktail lamb for me and my girlfriend
can go relax dick burning comic on the
bottom and it's to do in Netherlands for
that my hobby is part ridin doing they
Zig liquor out a spot alike thank you
well like a day they aren't very stingy
even you must pay 50 cent to go to
toilet there long street signs there's
no less than 20 letters the humor I
don't really get your humor the way to
carry out that publicity is very funny
all the stores they close pretty early
during the day because at six normally
the people here is very tall you know
in China anatomia but Hiro kinda shocked
me that is very strange mmm nice I'm
poison blue yeah not my favorite
not very little that's a good sign